Project Name: Callix
Description: It's basically a clone of Microsoft Teams, but it does not have a backend. Which means, all audio and video calls, messages, screenshares, and file shares are primarily P2P. The UI should look unique, modern, and purposefully enterprise-grade — polished and professional, not flashy or over-animated. Think clean, confident, and functional, in the spirit of tools like Linear, Notion, or Figma. When a user hosts a meeting, a GUID will be generated against the meeting room. The host will share the GUID in person. The host will also be able to generate and download the GUID as a QR code. Guests will scan or type the GUID to join the meeting room. Users will be able to send and receive messages, share files, record meeting sessions, and download the recordings before the meeting ends. As the meeting rooms will work totally on a P2P basis, there will be no limit to the number of attendees in a meeting room, and no limit on how long a meeting can be. When the Guest users scan or type the GUID and click the Join button, the Host will receive a new attendee join request. The Host will be able to approve or deny individual requests. The host will also be able to approve all or deny all at once. The host will also be able to ban individuals. Banned individuals will not be able to send join requests to the specific meeting room as long as the meeting room exists. The meeting room will exist as long as the host is in the room. When the host leaves, the meeting room will be destroyed, and all users will be disconnected from the room. Each guest will receive a meeting ending message through a sweet alert. The host will be able to kick an individual user from the meeting. If a guest is kicked, the user will receive a message through a sweet alert that the individual participant was kicked from the meeting, and the user will automatically be added to the ban list of that meeting room. The host will be able to see the ban list and unban individuals or unban all from the meeting ban list. The ban list will be per meeting room. Every time anyone hosts a meeting, it will create a new meeting room with a new GUID and 0 people in the ban list and 0 people in participants, and everything will dissolve with the meeting room as the host leaves the room. The users will also be able to host chat rooms similar to meeting rooms. Chat rooms will allow text messaging and file sharing only, no audio calls, no video calls, no screen sharing, or anything else. The purpose of being able to host chat rooms is that if a user wants to just send a file or inform something to a lot of users at once, or do something small that doesn't require a lot of time and attention, this will be the way to go. As the meeting will be similar to a Microsoft Teams meeting room, it will take the whole screen to show all attendees and messaging and screen sharing a lot of stuff but a user might not always need all those things. So the goal with the chat room is to keep it minimal and simple. Chat rooms will work in a similar manner to the meeting rooms in the sense that the room will be destroyed as soon as the host leaves, and other stuff. In both chat rooms and meeting rooms, people will be able to share files, but as it is P2P, if the file is too big, it might take a long time to share the file. So if the file is bigger than a certain size, the user will get a sweet alert that notifies them that the file is big and might take a long time to transfer from your machine to others. Users will be able to proceed or cancel at that point. Once the file is sent, the file will be there as long as the room exists. As there will be no backend and we intend to store no data, we shall not store any files or previous messages. For now, the buttons for Social login and signup will be in the application. Each time a user clicks that button, a new GUID for that user will be created for now. Later, we will create a user ID as a GUID and store it in the DB, so that we can identify paying and non-paying users when we add monetization. Then the new GUID will not be generated in the frontend. The application must have light mode, dark mode, and system mode. Every room will be end-to-end encrypted. The host of any room will be able to choose an encryption algorithm from a dropdown when creating the chat or meeting room.
In meeting rooms, show participants in the meeting using a carousel. Users will be able to pin a specific user for big screen mode on their own device only. Otherwise, by default, the user currently talking will be in the big screen mode when there is no screen sharing, and when someone is sharing the screen, the shared screen will be in the big screen mode. In the meeting rooms, there will be an option to share media via URL available to the host only. When the host puts the link to an audio or a video file, the same media will be played in every device, and all devices will sync time on a P2P basis, giving users a feel of watching together. When the feature is on, all devices will lock onto the media in big screen mode, giving a feel of watching together.
In every room's chatting option, include an emoji keyboard.
Additional Requirements:
1. Glassmorphism & Subtle Gradients: Use glassmorphism for all card-style UI elements (panels, modals, sidebars, room cards). Apply backdrop-filter blur, translucent surfaces with a slight border glow, and subtle gradient fills. Gradients should be muted and directional, not neon or rainbow. The visual language should feel frosted glass layered over a deep background — professional and calm.
2. Theme-based Color System: All colors used across the application (text, icons, backgrounds, gradients, borders, shadows, overlays) must be sourced from a centralized theme palette. No hardcoded color values anywhere. The palette must include: Primary: #4F6AF0 (active state, CTA buttons, focus rings); Primary Dark Variant: #3B4FBF; Accent: #6EC6CA (subtle highlights, badges, icons); Surface Light: #F4F6FB (page bg in light mode); Surface Dark: #12151F (page bg in dark mode); Glass Light: rgba(255,255,255,0.55); Glass Dark: rgba(18,21,31,0.55); Border Light: rgba(79,106,240,0.18); Border Dark: rgba(110,198,202,0.15); Text Primary Light: #1A1D2E; Text Primary Dark: #E8ECF4; Text Secondary Light: #5A6072; Text Secondary Dark: #8A94B0; Success: #34C784; Warning: #F5A623; Error/Danger: #E8445A. Gradients: Light mode: linear-gradient(135deg, #EEF1FB 0%, #F4F6FF 100%); Dark mode: linear-gradient(135deg, #12151F 0%, #1A2035 100%). All components must respect both light and dark variants.
3. Host Auto-Join: When a user creates and hosts a room (both meeting and chat), they are automatically joined as the host and listed as the first participant in the room. The host does not need a separate "join" step after creating the room.
4. GUID Displayed Inside the Room: The room GUID is shown inside the room itself, not just before entering. In meeting rooms, the GUID is accessible via a persistent button or info panel within the meeting room page (e.g., a "Room Info" button in the toolbar that opens a modal with the GUID, copy button, and QR code). In chat rooms, the GUID is shown in the room header or sidebar.
5. Home Page Architecture: After login, the user lands on a unified Home Page. This page serves as the main hub. Chat rooms are embedded directly on the Home Page — active chat rooms the user has hosted or joined appear as cards in a "Chat Rooms" section on this page. Meeting rooms are separate — clicking "New Meeting" or joining a meeting GUID navigates the user to a full-screen Meeting Room page. The Home Page layout should include: top navbar, a "Start Meeting" CTA, a "Join a Room" input section (for meeting GUIDs), and a "My Chat Rooms" section listing active chat rooms as dismissible cards with message previews.
6. Guest Message & File Sync: When a guest joins a room that already has messages or shared files, they must receive a full history sync from the host (or nearest peer) via P2P. The sync mechanism should send all existing messages and file metadata to the newly joined peer before they see the room content. Files that have already been shared (and are held in memory by existing peers) must also be offered to the new joiner. This is P2P-based — no server involved.
7. Enterprise Design Tone: The application is built for enterprise use. The design must feel professional, trustworthy, and efficient. Avoid over-animation, loud colors, and decorative gimmicks. Animations should be subtle, purposeful, and quick (150–250ms). Use consistent spacing, clean typographic hierarchy (Inter or IBM Plex Sans), and a restrained color palette. Think "Microsoft Teams meets Linear.app" — functional beauty, not visual spectacle.
Frameworks:
Frontend: Angular
Animations: animate.css for purposeful, subtle transitions only
Alert system: sweet alert
CSS: tailwindcss
Icons: Lucid for Angular
Carousel: Owl carousel
P2P communication: peerjs or anything similar to use WebRTC to create a P2P connection
N.B.
1. Users should be able to install it as a PWA from the browser. The application should be both PC and mobile-friendly, whether it's from a browser or from a PWA. If the users install it as a PWA, after installation, it should feel like a native app. So you are free to use any and everything PWA can offer
2. Every library you use in this project should be open-source and free for commercial usage.
3. Generate Detailed instructions, execution plan, and implementation plan in an MD file for other AI models to Vibe code. Do not generate code or run any script by yourself. Also, make sure you create the MD file in the root and include instructions to use the root directory as the root of the Angular project, too.
